docs/README.md, before:

# imgurpca
Machine learning with imgur. *pca* stands for Principal Component Analysis.  

`imgurpca` is a set of tools that parse and analyse content on imgur.com. In
addition it can act on behalf of a user interactively or through scheduled
actions. This package needs approval from the API to be able to access data.
The user needs to register their application with the API and get a `client
secret` and `client id`.  

## Installation
No `setup.py` file has been created yet. It will be put in once more
functionality is added to the package. In its current state, the package
folder `imgurpca` needs to be copied to your source directory and imported.

## Getting Started
First go to [imgur settings](https://imgur.com/account/settings/apps) and
register your application. Once you have the `client id` and `client secret`
copy them into the placeholders at the beginning of `test.py`. Then run:  
```bash
>> python test.py
```
to begin testing. The tests will be verbose and will give an idea of that the
package can do. Once all tests are successful, you can begin using the package
classes.  
```python
from imgurpca import *
```
`imgurpca` provides several classes which neatly fit into a workflow for data
analysis:  
```
 ---------
|  Post   |----→----------→--------------⬎
 ---------     ↓      ---------       ----↓----       ---------
               |----→| Parser  |----→| Learner |----→|   Bot   |
 ---------     ↑      ----↑----       ----↑----       ---------
|  User   |----→----------|--------------⬏
 ---------            ----|----
                     |  Query  |
                      ---------
```  
* **Post** is a representation of a single gallery post on imgur. It downloads,
sanitizes, and filters content on a post.
* **User** is a representation of a single user's activity and exposes (more
    or less) the same interface as *Post*.
* **Parser** performs collective actions on *Post* or *User* objects. It can
also directly query imgur for posts.
* **Query** constructs a valid query that is used as a common argument to
access the imgur API's various endpoints.
* **Learner** uses *Parser*/*Post*/*User* objects to set up axes that best
describe the data. Using them it can perform regression and clustering
operations on *Post*/*User* objects.
* **Bot** can get authenticated and act on behalf of a user. It can also
periodically perform tasks (like uploading, commenting etc.).

The class APIs are explained in further detail in their respective `.md` files.

Commit message:

added markov/chatter class + docs

docs/README.md, after:

# imgurpca
Machine learning with imgur. *pca* stands for Principal Component Analysis.  

`imgurpca` is a set of tools that parse and analyse content on imgur.com. In
addition it can act on behalf of a user interactively or through scheduled
actions. This package needs approval from the API to be able to access data.
The user needs to register their application with the API and get a `client
secret` and `client id`.  

## Installation
No `setup.py` file has been created yet. It will be put in once more
functionality is added to the package. In its current state, the package
folder `imgurpca` needs to be copied to your source directory and imported.

## Getting Started
First go to [imgur settings](https://imgur.com/account/settings/apps) and
register your application. Once you have the `client id` and `client secret`
copy them into the placeholders at the beginning of `test.py`. Then run:  
```bash
>> python test.py
```
to begin testing. The tests will be verbose and will give an idea of that the
package can do. Once all tests are successful, you can begin using the package
classes.  
```python
from imgurpca import *
```
`imgurpca` provides several classes which neatly fit into a workflow for data
analysis:  
```
 ---------
|  Post   |----→----------→--------------⬎
 ---------     ↓      ---------       ----↓----       ---------
               |----→| Parser  |----→| Learner |----→|   Bot   |
 ---------     ↑      ----↑----       ----↑----       ---------
|  User   |----→----------|--------------⬏
 ---------            ----|----
                     |  Query  |
                      ---------
```  
* **Post** is a representation of a single gallery post on imgur. It downloads,
sanitizes, and filters content on a post.
* **User** is a representation of a single user's activity and exposes (more
    or less) the same interface as *Post*.
* **Parser** performs collective actions on *Post* or *User* objects. It can
also directly query imgur for posts.
* **Query** constructs a valid query that is used as a common argument to
access the imgur API's various endpoints.
* **Learner** uses *Parser*/*Post*/*User* objects to set up axes that best
describe the data. Using them it can perform regression and clustering
operations on *Post*/*User* objects.
* **Bot** can get authenticated and act on behalf of a user. It can also
periodically perform tasks (like uploading, commenting etc.).  

In addition, the `imgurpca.macros` module provides additional tools built on
top of the main classes:  
* **gen_axes** is a python script/function that can generate and save axes from
popular posts and save them for use by other code. For usage check source, or
type:  
```bash
>> python -m imgurpca.macros.gen_axes -h
```  
* **Chatter** is a class that can generate random comments and replies based on
comments on posts, or by a single user.

The class APIs are explained in further detail in their respective `.md` files.
